`net.box` connection object triggers bugfixes (#9838)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-9679-on_schema_reload-error-behaviour.md

## bugfix/lua

* Made `on_schema_reload` trigger behaviour of `net.box` connections when an

>   error is thrown consistent (gh-9679).

Reviewer: Let's clarify to what it is consistent

Author: Done.

## bugfix/lua

> * Made `on_schema_reload` trigger behaviour of `net.box` connections when an
>   error is thrown consistent with behaviour of `on_disconnect` trigger
>   (gh-9679).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The `on_schema_reload` trigger behavior of `net.box` connections when an
  error is thrown is now consistent with the behavior of the `on_disconnect` trigger
  (gh-9679).
```

Author: Fixed.
